now Adam knew Eve his wife and she
now Adam knew Eve his wife and she conceived and bore Cain I have acquired
conceived and bore Cain I have acquired
conceived and bore Cain I have acquired a man from the Lord then she bought
a man from the Lord then she bought
a man from the Lord then she bought again this time his brother Abel now
again this time his brother Abel now
again this time his brother Abel now Abel was a keeper of sheep but Cain was
Abel was a keeper of sheep but Cain was
Abel was a keeper of sheep but Cain was a tiller of the ground and in the
a tiller of the ground and in the
a tiller of the ground and in the process of time it came to pass that
process of time it came to pass that
process of time it came to pass that Cain brought an offering of the fruit of
Cain brought an offering of the fruit of
Cain brought an offering of the fruit of the ground to the Lord
the ground to the Lord
the ground to the Lord Abel also brought of the firstborn of
Abel also brought of the firstborn of
Abel also brought of the firstborn of his flock and of their fat and the Lord
his flock and of their fat and the Lord
his flock and of their fat and the Lord respected Abel and his offering but he
respected Abel and his offering but he
respected Abel and his offering but he did not respect Cain and his offering
did not respect Cain and his offering
did not respect Cain and his offering and Cain was very angry and his
and Cain was very angry and his
and Cain was very angry and his countenance fell so the Lord said to
countenance fell so the Lord said to
countenance fell so the Lord said to Cain why are you angry and why has your
Cain why are you angry and why has your
Cain why are you angry and why has your countenance fallen if you do well will
countenance fallen if you do well will
countenance fallen if you do well will you not be accepted and if you do not do
you not be accepted and if you do not do
you not be accepted and if you do not do well sin lies at the door and its desire
well sin lies at the door and its desire
well sin lies at the door and its desire is for you
is for you
is for you but you should rule over it now Cain
but you should rule over it now Cain
but you should rule over it now Cain talked with Abel his brother and it came
talked with Abel his brother and it came
talked with Abel his brother and it came to pass when they were in the field that
to pass when they were in the field that
to pass when they were in the field that Cain rose up against Abel his brother
Cain rose up against Abel his brother
Cain rose up against Abel his brother and killed him
then the Lord said to Cain where is Abel
then the Lord said to Cain where is Abel your brother I do not know
your brother I do not know
your brother I do not know am I my brother's keeper what have you
am I my brother's keeper what have you
am I my brother's keeper what have you done the voice of your brother's blood
done the voice of your brother's blood
done the voice of your brother's blood cries out to me from the ground so now
cries out to me from the ground so now
cries out to me from the ground so now you are cursed from the earth which has
you are cursed from the earth which has
you are cursed from the earth which has opened its mouth to receive your
opened its mouth to receive your
opened its mouth to receive your brother's blood from why when you till
brother's blood from why when you till
brother's blood from why when you till the ground it shall no longer yield its
the ground it shall no longer yield its
the ground it shall no longer yield its strength to you a fugitive and a
strength to you a fugitive and a
strength to you a fugitive and a vagabond you shall be on the earth
vagabond you shall be on the earth
vagabond you shall be on the earth my punishment is greater than I can bear
my punishment is greater than I can bear
my punishment is greater than I can bear surely you have driven me out this day
surely you have driven me out this day
surely you have driven me out this day from the face of the ground I shall be
from the face of the ground I shall be
from the face of the ground I shall be hidden from your face I shall be a
hidden from your face I shall be a
hidden from your face I shall be a fugitive and a vagabond on the earth and
fugitive and a vagabond on the earth and
fugitive and a vagabond on the earth and it will happen that anyone who finds me
it will happen that anyone who finds me
it will happen that anyone who finds me will kill me therefore whoever kills
will kill me therefore whoever kills
will kill me therefore whoever kills Cain vengeance shall be taken on him
Cain vengeance shall be taken on him
Cain vengeance shall be taken on him Sevenfold and the Lord said a mark on
Sevenfold and the Lord said a mark on
Sevenfold and the Lord said a mark on Cain lest anyone finding him should kill
Cain lest anyone finding him should kill
Cain lest anyone finding him should kill him then Cain went out from the presence
him then Cain went out from the presence
him then Cain went out from the presence of the Lord and dwelt in the Land of Nod
of the Lord and dwelt in the Land of Nod
of the Lord and dwelt in the Land of Nod on the East of Eden
on the East of Eden
on the East of Eden [Music]
and Cain knew his wife and she conceived
and Cain knew his wife and she conceived and bore Enoch and he built a city and
and bore Enoch and he built a city and
and bore Enoch and he built a city and called the name of the city after the
called the name of the city after the
called the name of the city after the name of his son Enoch - Enoch was born
name of his son Enoch - Enoch was born
name of his son Enoch - Enoch was born irad and irad begat ma who Jia and Maru
irad and irad begat ma who Jia and Maru
irad and irad begat ma who Jia and Maru GL begat methuselah and Bethel begat
GL begat methuselah and Bethel begat
GL begat methuselah and Bethel begat lamech then Lamech took for himself two
lamech then Lamech took for himself two
lamech then Lamech took for himself two wives the name of one was Adah and the
wives the name of one was Adah and the
wives the name of one was Adah and the name of the second was Zilla and ada
name of the second was Zilla and ada
name of the second was Zilla and ada bought
bought
bought Jabil he was the father of those who
Jabil he was the father of those who
Jabil he was the father of those who dwell in tents and have livestock his
dwell in tents and have livestock his
dwell in tents and have livestock his brother's name was Jubal he was the
brother's name was Jubal he was the
brother's name was Jubal he was the father of all those who play the harp
father of all those who play the harp
father of all those who play the harp and flute and as for Zilla she also
and flute and as for Zilla she also
and flute and as for Zilla she also bought tubal-cain an instructor of every
bought tubal-cain an instructor of every
bought tubal-cain an instructor of every craftsman in bronze and iron and the
craftsman in bronze and iron and the
craftsman in bronze and iron and the sister of tubal-cain
sister of tubal-cain
sister of tubal-cain was named then Lamech said to his wives
was named then Lamech said to his wives
was named then Lamech said to his wives Adah and Zillah
Adah and Zillah
Adah and Zillah hear my voice wives of Lamech listened
hear my voice wives of Lamech listened
hear my voice wives of Lamech listened to my speech for I have killed a man for
to my speech for I have killed a man for
to my speech for I have killed a man for wounding me even a young man for hurting
wounding me even a young man for hurting
wounding me even a young man for hurting me if Cain shall be Avenged Sevenfold
me if Cain shall be Avenged Sevenfold
me if Cain shall be Avenged Sevenfold then Lamech seventy seven fold and Adam
then Lamech seventy seven fold and Adam
then Lamech seventy seven fold and Adam knew his wife again and she bore a son
knew his wife again and she bore a son
knew his wife again and she bore a son and named him Seth for God has appointed
and named him Seth for God has appointed
and named him Seth for God has appointed another seed for me instead of Abel whom
another seed for me instead of Abel whom
another seed for me instead of Abel whom Cain killed and as for Seth to him also
Cain killed and as for Seth to him also
Cain killed and as for Seth to him also a son was born
a son was born
a son was born and he named him Enoch then men began to
and he named him Enoch then men began to
and he named him Enoch then men began to call on the name of the Lord